Doc: update documentation on CMake+CUDA (#1421)
AMReX-Codes/amrex: Docs/sphinx_documentation/source/GPU.rst

   | CUDA_PTX_VERBOSE             |  Verbose code generation statistics in ptxas    | NO          | YES, NO         |
   +------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------+-------------+-----------------+
   | CUDA_SHOW_CODELINES          |  Source information in PTX (optimizations: on)  | Auto        | YES, NO         |
   +------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------+-------------+-----------------+
   | CUDA_SHOW_LINENUMBERS        |  Line-number information (optimizations: on)    | Auto        | YES, NO         |
   +------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------+-------------+-----------------+
   | CUDA_WARN_CAPTURE_THIS       |  Warn if a CUDA lambda captures a class' this   | YES         | YES, NO         |
   +------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------+-------------+-----------------+
.. raw:: latex

   \end{center}

The target architecture to build for can be specified via the configuration option
``-DCUDA_ARCH=<target-architecture>``, where ``<target-architecture>`` can be either

> the name of the NVIDIA GPU, i.e. ``Turing``, ``Volta``, ``...`` , or its
> version number, i.e. ``10.0``, ``9.0``,  ``...`` .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the name of the NVIDIA GPU generation, i.e. ``Turing``, ``Volta``, ``Ampere``, ``...`` , or its
`compute capability <https://developer.nvidia.com/cuda-gpus>`_, i.e. ``10.0``, ``9.0``,  ``...`` .
```

   cmake [options] -DENABLE_CUDA=yes -DCUDA_ARCH=Volta /path/to/amrex/source

If no architecture is specified, CMake will try to determine which GPU architecture is
supported by the system.
If more than one is found, CMake will build for all of them.
This will generally results in a larger library and longer build times.
If autodetection fails, a set of "common" architectures is assumed.

> **Note that AMReX only supports GPU architectures with version number ``6.0`` or higher**.

Reviewer: I think we also just support CUDA 9.0 and newer. Let's add this as well.

Author: Actually, it is still the case.

Reviewer: Potentially better wording here as well (right terms):
```suggestion
**Note that AMReX supports NVIDIA GPU architectures with compute capability ``6.0`` or higher**.
```

> Actually, it is still the case.

Sorry, cannot follow. You mean "yes, we support CUDA 9.0+ and we should document that?" :)

Reviewer 2: NVIDIA
